Create BranchValidator project and implement action code (#4)
KinsonDigital/BranchValidator: README.md

back to the project management/issue side of things.  Maybe your build behaves differently depending on which branch it is building.

When these kinds of things are setup and the branch name is incorrect, they can cause issues and confusion with your build and release
system.  This GitHub action will help enforce these project standards to help keep things running smoothly.

The added benefit is to make things easier to understand on the GIT side of things.  To have the ability to enforce an issue number to exist in your branch name makes it easier for developers to find which branch belongs to which issue.  With this kind of enforcement, you can also setup automation to rely on the issue number existing.  This means you can easily setup an automation to check GitHub to verify that the issue even exists which would prevent accidental issue numbers being used in a branch name that does not exist. 

> 

Author: Please overlook this entire paragraph again.  I made some substantial changes.

## **Action Inputs**
</div>

| Input Name            | Description                                                 | Required | Default Value      |
|-----------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:--------:|:------------------:|
| `branch-name`         | The name of the GIT branch.                                 | yes      |     N/A            |

> | `validation-logic`    | The validation expression used to validate the branch name. | yes      |     N/A            |

Reviewer: SS
```suggestion
| `validation-logic`    | The expression used to validate the branch name. | yes      |     N/A            |
```

     - Example 2: equalTo('feature/my-*-branch')
       - This will check if the branch starts with the value `feature/my-` and that it ends with `-branch`.  Anything is acceptable between the beginning and end of the branch where the `*` character is located.  This should be a familiar concept to other systems and uses of this type of syntax.
     - Example 3: equalTo('feature/#-sample-branch')
       - This would return valid if the branch name was `feature/my-sample-branch`.  This will check if the branch starts with the value `feature/` and ends with the value `-sample-branch`.  Any text between the start and the end will be checked to see if it is a whole number of any digit size.
         - This would return as valid if the name of the branch was `feature/12-sample-branch` or `feature/12345-sample-branch`.
         - This would return as not valid if the name of the branch was `feature/10-20-sample-branch`.  This is because in this example, the branch ends with the value `-20-sample-branch`, not `-sample-branch`.
     - Example: 4: equalTo('release/v#.#.#-*.#')
       - The would return valid if the branch name was `release/v1.2.3-preview.4`.

> 2. `allLowerCase()` - Check if the branch name is all lower case

Reviewer: Refactor "if" to "whether or not"  (where it makes sense) and make sure to look at the verb.  In this case, it will be "Checks" not "Check"

```suggestion
2. `allLowerCase()` - Checks whether or not the branch name is all lower case
```

    - Example 1: allLowerCase()
      - This would return valid if the name of the branch was `all-lower-case`.  This would return invalid if the name of the branch was `not-all-LOWER-case`.
3. `allUpperCase()` - Check if the branch name is all upper case
    - Example 1: allUpperCase()
      - This would return valid if the name of the branch was `ALL-UPPER-CASE`.  This would return invalid if the name of the branch was `NOT-ALL-upper-CASE`.

<div align="center" style="font-weight:bold">

## **Examples**
</div>

<div align="left">

> Fail the workflow if the feature branch does not start with the value `feature/`,

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
The workflow fails when the feature branch does not start with the value `feature/`,
```

> followed by a number and a hyphen, ends with any text, and is all lower case.

Reviewer: Grammar - add colon
```suggestion
followed by a number and a hyphen, ends with any text, and is all lower case:
```

```yaml
name: Branch Validation Sample Workflow

on:
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  Validate_Feature_Branch:
    name: Validate Feature Branch
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2

    - name: Validate Branch
      uses: KinsonDigital/BranchValidator@v1.0.0-preview.1
      with:
        branch-name: "feature/123-my-branch"
        validation-logic: "equalTo('feature/#-*') && allLowerCase()"
        fail-when-not-valid: true # Optional. Default is true.
```
</div>

> Fail the workflow manually

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
Failing the workflow manually:
```

   Standard YAML syntax rules apply.  
   The function value allows the use of 2 characters that provide glob like behavior.  The 2 characters are `#` and `*` and can be used together as many times as needed.
     - Example 1: equalTo('main')
       - This checks whether or not the branch is equal to the value of `main`.
     - Example 2: equalTo('feature/my-*-branch')
       - This will check if the branch starts with the value `feature/my-` and that it ends with `-branch`.  Anything is acceptable between the beginning and end of the branch where the `*` character is located.  This should be a familiar concept to other systems and uses of this type of syntax.
     - Example 3: equalTo('feature/#-sample-branch')
       - This returns valid if the branch name was `feature/my-sample-branch`.  This checks whether or not the branch starts with the value `feature/` and ends with the value `-sample-branch`.  Any text between the start and the end will be checked to see if it is a whole number of any digit size.
         - This would return as valid if the name of the branch was `feature/12-sample-branch` or `feature/12345-sample-branch`.

>          - This would return as not valid if the name of the branch was `feature/10-20-sample-branch`.  This is because in this example, the branch ends with the value `-20-sample-branch`, not `-sample-branch`.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
         - Returns as not valid if the name of the branch was `feature/10-20-sample-branch`.  In this example, the branch ends with the value `-20-sample-branch`, not `-sample-branch`.
```

     - Example: 4: equalTo('release/v#.#.#-*.#')

>        - The would return valid if the branch name was `release/v1.2.3-preview.4`.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
       - Returns valid if the branch name was `release/v1.2.3-preview.4`.
```

3. `allLowerCase()` - Checks whether or not the branch name is all lower case.
    - Example 1: allLowerCase()
      - This would return valid if the name of the branch was `all-lower-case`.  This would return invalid if the name of the branch was `not-all-LOWER-case`.

> 4. `allUpperCase()` - Check if the branch name is all upper case

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
4. `allUpperCase()` - Checks whether or not the branch name is all upper case.
```
